Add grpc_status_number as a default access log field (#4880)
projectcontour/contour: changelogs/unreleased/4880-rajatvig-small.md

> Add `grpc_status_code` to the log message field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `grpc_status_number` to the default JSON access log fields
```
